SHADOW CAST (V2 - Flow Version)
Inspired by A$AP Rocky's HELICOPTER

[Produced by...]
[Written by...]

---

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
She thought she had me, yeah (thought she had me)
Watch this shit (watch)
Uh

[Verse 1]
She put a hex on me, candles and some stones (stones)
Thought she could break me down, thought I'd die alone (nah)
But I just leveled up, took it to the sky (up)
Got my people worldwide, different area codes (brrt)

Paris in the morning, Tokyo at night (zoom)
She still in that same town, stuck under them lights (stuck)
I'm collecting checks now, different currencies (racks)
She was praying for my downfall, I was building legacies (facts)

Tried to bury me deep, but I grew roots instead (grow)
Now my branches worldwide, yeah I'm too far ahead (gone)
She thought she won the war, but I ain't fighting back (nah)
Too busy counting money while she counting all the facts (ha)

[Pre-Chorus]
She said she cursed my name (cursed it)
But I just switch the lane (switch)
Now I'm in a different game (different)
She can't even see my face (gone)

[Chorus]
I got the last laugh, echoing for miles (ha ha)
She gon' die in my shadow, that's just facts, no trials (shadow)
Made it out the darkness, now I'm shining too bright (shine)
She still throwing shade, but I'm blocking out the light (blocked)

Money coming in from every continent (worldwide)
She thought she had the win, now she sick and she intimate (damn)
Last laugh, last laugh, yeah I got it (got it)
She watching from below while I'm up in the cockpit (zoom)

[Verse 2]
Voodoo dolls ain't working, I'm immune to all the hate (immune)
She was manifesting losses while I'm manifesting weight (racks)
Got allies in the East, got connects out in the West (both sides)
North, South too, yeah I'm globally blessed (worldwide)

She was drawing circles, trying to trap me in a spell (spell)
I was drawing up investments, now my portfolio swell (swell)
Six figures turned to seven while she still obsessed (counting)
I ain't even thinking 'bout her, I'm too focused on the next (next)

Private planes to meetings, she still driving in the rain (skrrt)
I'm in penthouse suites, she still crying 'bout the pain (damn)
Tried to dim my light, but I was born to shine solar (shine)
Now I'm so high up, need a helicopter to come over (woo)

[Pre-Chorus]
She said she cursed my name (cursed it)
But I just switch the lane (switch)
Now I'm in a different game (different)
She can't even see my face (gone)

[Chorus]
I got the last laugh, echoing for miles (ha ha)
She gon' die in my shadow, that's just facts, no trials (shadow)
Made it out the darkness, now I'm shining too bright (shine)
She still throwing shade, but I'm blocking out the light (blocked)

Money coming in from every continent (worldwide)
She thought she had the win, now she sick and she intimate (damn)
Last laugh, last laugh, yeah I got it (got it)
She watching from below while I'm up in the cockpit (zoom)

[Bridge]
Shadow, shadow, she gon' die in my shadow (shadow)
Shadow, shadow, can't escape from my shadow (nah)
Too tall, too bright, can't see nothing but my silhouette (tall)
She tried to take me out the game, but I ain't finished yet (nah)

I'm the one that got away (away)
Living better every day (better)
While she stuck in yesterday (stuck)
I'm getting money every way (racks)

[Verse 3]
Yeah, allies on my phone from London to Dubai (global)
She was wishing I would fall, now she asking herself why (why)
Why he rise? Why he shine? Why he never broke? (never)
'Cause her curse was just a test, and I passed it, that's the joke (ha)

Now I'm eating different foods in different time zones (eating)
She still in that same place checking all my milestones (stalking)
My shadow so big it covers city blocks (huge)
She can't see the sun no more, just me up on the top (blocked)

Multiplication on my assets, she dividing up her peace (math)
I'm expanding my empire, while her empire deceased (dead)
Last laugh ringing loud, can you hear it? That's me (ha)
Living in the future while she's stuck in history (past)

[Chorus]
I got the last laugh, echoing for miles (ha ha)
She gon' die in my shadow, that's just facts, no trials (shadow)
Made it out the darkness, now I'm shining too bright (shine)
She still throwing shade, but I'm blocking out the light (blocked)

Money coming in from every continent (worldwide)
She thought she had the win, now she sick and she intimate (damn)
Last laugh, last laugh, yeah I got it (got it)
She watching from below while I'm up in the cockpit (zoom)

[Outro]
She tried to curse the kid (curse)
But I reversed the script (flip)
Now she watching all my wins (watching)
From the shadows where she sit (shadow)

Last laugh, that's mine (mine)
Echo through the time (time)
She thought she had the W (nah)
But I got the last line (facts)

Yeah, yeah
Shadow, shadow
She gon' die in my shadow
Told you

---

SHADOW CAST V2
© 2026

---

FLOW IMPROVEMENTS:

1. Shorter, punchier bars
2. Better rhythm patterns (Rocky's cadence)
3. More ad-libs (brrt, zoom, woo, ha)
4. Repetition for catchiness (shadow, shadow)
5. Simpler vocabulary, harder impact
6. Natural rhyme schemes
7. Call-backs to HELICOPTER style
8. Pre-chorus for melodic break
9. Bridge with repetition (more musical)
10. Cleaner structure overall

KEY ROCKY-STYLE ELEMENTS:

- "Different area codes" (travel reference)
- "Helicopter to come over" (HELICOPTER callback)
- "Up in the cockpit" (flight imagery)
- Laid-back confidence vs. aggressive anger
- Ad-libs naturally placed
- Short, memorable bars
- Repetitive hooks that stick
- Flow pockets for melodic delivery

DOUBLE ENTENDRES (Kept but Natural):

1. "Grew roots" - plant + established connections
2. "Different game" - sports + life level
3. "Die in my shadow" - literal + metaphorical
4. "Blocking out the light" - success blocks her view
5. "She sick and she intimate" - sick of watching + intimately aware
6. "Reversed the script" - flipped situation + screenplay
7. "Last line" - final bar + finish line
8. "Solar" - sun + renewable energy
9. "Time zones" - travel + different era
10. "Multiplication/dividing" - math + life approach
